1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic 
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
What kind of relationships are we talking about when it comes to breaking up? Marriage or just casually dating around?
Are the people actually getting the food mentioned or are they just searching it up?
Why is there no Chinese food?
Why did we choose from February 2024 to February 2025?

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
https://trends.google.com/home

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, 
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and 
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
100 
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
61

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search 
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the 
lowest dip?
100, 61
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
The interest line dropped significantly 
The new high is 28 an the lowest is 17

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest 
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

Numbers represent search interest relative to the highest point on the chart for the given region and time. A value of 100 is the peak popularity for the term. A value of 50 means that the term is half as popular. A score of 0 means there was not enough data for this term.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic). 
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup 
and Hamburger? 
I do not see any patterns that can tie Hamburger searches and Breakup searches.
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
There are small correlations between the Breakup and Milkshake, sometimes like between Feb 4-10, 2024 to Feb 11-17, there is a slight dip on both lines
7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the 
article?
It would suggest it is not that reliable. Before adding the Hamburger line, the Milkshake line had a high of 100 and a low of 61. Once I added the Hamburger line, the new high for the Milkshake line was 28 and the new low was 17, This is a significant drop which just adding one more line of food

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
West Virginia
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
South Dakota

9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it 
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv